hi guys today I'm super excited because
I am with my friend Missy you but I
actually met her a Victoria Secret she
works there and I brought in my card and
she started coming to me and we did this
really fun kind of like on grey color on
her hair just to give her a little bit
more brightness but now she wants to go
dark so we're just going to kind of
match this natural dark color that she
has just kind of cover all of her ends
fill all of this in and then we're also
going to trim extensions because she
went and got some really really pretty
extensions and I will list the
extensions that she got down below
because they're amazing I felt them and
I was like wow these are really nice so
that is going to be it's going to be
kind of like a simple process we just
want to make sure that we're finding
shine back into prepared and really
feeling it our filling in so that it
doesn't show up that blonde again so we
will get started the first process for
the seams hair is going to be to fill
her hair I want to fill her hair because
she does have some really really blond
parts so I'm going to use a warm tone
this is 7gv I'm using two ounces of the
color and then two ounces of shades eq
processing solution now what this is
going to do is go on dry hair because I
really wanted to soak in the full
pigment of this color and I'm going to
start just at the bottom and work my way
up I'm very meticulous when I work like
some people are like oh my gosh why does
she have clips on her hair and stuff I
am just really picky on how I work this
in because I really want to make sure
that I hit all of those bright parts and
the seams here cuz some of her hair has
really really bright spots so what this
quote filler color is going to do is
it's a warm color it's going to go in
fill all those super blond spots and
just give it that pigment back because
when you bleach hair it becomes poor as
it opens and it doesn't have that
pigment that needs color to stick so
what I like to do is just fill my darker
colors especially when they're going
back to their natural so that when
they're washing the hair they don't have
to worry about it fading and that blonde
just popping right back up then I'm just
going to continue to do this all
throughout the hair I also like to use a
comb to kind of
work it in even more to make sure that
it's fully distributed fully saturated
and I've covered every hair then I'm
going to use a plastic cap and put her
under the dryer for 15 minutes this is
just going to allow it to set in and
really work its magic
afterwards all I do is just rinse really
really well and get all of the product
out of her hair and then I dry it and
then we'll go on to the second color and
I'm going to dry her hair and then do
another formula it's going to be her
actual dark formula I'm using 4n and
then I'm using 6 GI and 3 na the reason
why I'm using the the GI and the NA is
because we just added like a little bit
of warmth so I just want to be able to
neutralize that and then the N is
basically the color that we're going for
we just want a very natural beautiful
looking color from the seam so I've
dried her hair and now I'm going to be
applying this roots to ends I want to
make sure because like in the top part I
have some highlights that kind of go up
a little bit higher higher so I'm just
going to use a bottle technique and just
kind of mush this through with my
fingers apply it all to the root area
and then I will go back in and do the
ends this process is really important
that you're making sure that you're
really getting everything saturated
because you want it to be a very nice
and dark color especially like if you're
taking someone from a really really
really blonde color you're going to want
to make sure that they don't have like
cheetah print spots or polka dots or
anything in their hair that can make it
look a little not so flawless and
beautiful and natural they have all the
roots down on that section I'm just
going to kind of work my way back up the
hair and pull pieces down and then just
saturate those ends again working
through with your hands and gloves to
make sure that everything is completely
covered
once I've completed this to the whole
head again I'm just going to kind of
mush it through and make sure that
everything is really saturated like I
said the more saturation the batter the
more that you're going to mush it around
the batter so I'm just going to kind of
bring this all back into a pun bun
ponytail and then we will kind of mush
it all up in the back and then put
another plastic cap on her and put her
into the dryer for 20 minutes then I'm
just going to shampoo condition and
blow-dry her hair so we just finished
the seams color and you can just see
like oh my gosh it's so rich and dark
and so shiny she is so much tighter
that's what I told her I was like you're
gonna get so much shine out of this and
it just looks so beautiful like roots to
ends so now we're going to go in and add
some fun extensions and make it even
more exciting so in the same wooden
picked up the Leyla Milani I hope I'm
pronouncing her name right extensions
these extensions are so thick and
amazing she got the 160 gram in 20
inches and what I'm going to do is just
show her how to apply it the other
instructions that you get out of the box
because she can go home and follow it
super easy and simple that's a great
thing that if your client wants to have
something that they can just remove
really easy you can show them how to put
the extensions in tease it how to apply
it trim it up for them and then they
know how to go home and put it in their
hair so I'm just putting the extensions
in her hair exactly how the little thing
says to do so she can go home and do it
and then I'm going to trim them up I'm
going to do that off camera because that
would be a whole other video on how to
trim extensions especially these kind of
extensions so yeah that is what we are
going to finish up with and right here
I'm just kind of showing her and we're
assessing how long she wants them to be
which is kind of gonna be like mid chest
area alright so we just finished up her
gorgeous hair she has all this super
long extensions now for real these
extensions are so thick like look at the
ends of these
is so thick they are so pretty and she
looks like a new person so gorgeous if
you want to see other hair how-to
educational videos for in salon check
out this video and it will have it
linked down below thanks guys